uncle
You suppress the remnants
If I don't widow him today, I swear I won't be human in this life
Gentlemen
I am the first family of Shen Family and Beiyanzu
My eldest brother is Zhou Shenshuai in the Zhenbei Army
Hundred people's moderated garlic
Su Jin was plotted to death by the remnants of the Li family
Remnants of the Li family
Can't help but not allow me?
No one will let He Dexing defeat his son
But my excuse for slavery is so bad
How to endure
This Li family bastard is so arrogant
Aren't you afraid that the knife is shallow?
Please get justice for our net worth.
Please rest assured.
Destroy the girls of the Li family
My Bai family is very helpful
But I feel that this kid is not so simple
Is the boss afraid?
What am I afraid of him for?
But
This kid can get the favor of Princess Daxia
Suzaku's Aegis
Under the siege of Beijing
Kill Shen Dashuai
To escape
I feel he is not simple
More if afraid
Instantly the bastard knelt and kowtowed in apology
My Shen family will never remember
The dignified smoke is guarded at home
To be so afraid of a lonely ghost
I don't know Li Shao
What's the trick?
These are the adults I gave you Shen family